The child’s favorite Christmas gift was the large box her father’s lawnmower came in.
The book is in front of the table.
She had some amazing news to share but nobody to share it with.
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
Excitement replaced fear until the final moment.
Gary didn't understand why Doug went upstairs to get one dollar bills when he invited him to go cow tipping.
You'll see the rainbow bridge after it rains cats and dogs.
I became paranoid that the school of jellyfish was spying on me.
While all her friends were positive that Mary had a sixth sense, she knew she actually had a seventh sense.
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.
He learned the important lesson that a picnic at the beach on a windy day is a bad idea.
As time wore on, simple dog commands turned into full paragraphs explaining why the dog couldn’t do something.
It would have been a better night if the guys next to us weren't in the splash zone.
Today I dressed my unicorn in preparation for the race.
Mothers spend months of their lives waiting on their children.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
Never underestimate the willingness of the greedy to throw you under the bus.
I had a friend in high school named Rick Shaw, but he was fairly useless as a mode of transport.
The fog was so dense even a laser decided it wasn't worth the effort.
I trust everything that's written in purple ink.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.
He wondered if it could be called a beach if there was no sand.
I'll have you know I've written over fifty novels
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.
Her scream silenced the rowdy teenagers.
Getting up at dawn is for the birds.
It didn't make sense unless you had the power to eat colors.
She had a difficult time owning up to her own crazy self.
When I cook spaghetti, I like to boil it a few minutes past al dente so the noodles are super slippery.
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.
It was a really good Monday for being a Saturday.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.
Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen.
Strawberries must be the one food that doesn't go well with this brand of paint.
I'm not a party animal, but I do like animal parties.
Although it wasn't a pot of gold, Nancy was still enthralled at what she found at the end of the rainbow.
The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family.
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
Karen realized the only way she was getting into heaven was to cheat.
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.
The teens wondered what was kept in the red shed on the far edge of the school grounds.
Barking dogs and screaming toddlers have the unique ability to turn friendly neighbors into cranky enemies.
Nancy decided to make the porta-potty her home.
For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency.
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
Warm beer on a cold day isn't my idea of fun.
Thirty years later, she still thought it was okay to put the toilet paper roll under rather than over.
People who insist on picking their teeth with their elbows are so annoying!
I like coffee.
I was and was me was when saw when me when when me why me
